What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  Initializing a repository builds a git directory for that repository,
  repositories need to be initialized in order to work on files using
  git functions like git log or git diff to track their history and make commits

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

  The staging area is a temporary directory for collecting the files to include
  in a commit. It's different from the working directory because the working
  directory contains the actual files while the staging area uses these files
  as references for the commit. And it's different from the repository because
  the repository contains both a working directory of files and the commits
  that pertain to them. The staging area is good because it allows you to group
  files together in order to combine related changes into a single commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  By only adding files to the staging area when they are a related to a general
  change or a group of related changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

  Branches would be good if you want to experiment with a new set of changes
  that are drastically different from your original project like adding
  experimental features that change a lot of things in your project or
  translating some parts to another language.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  The diagrams help to show the structure of the branches and the relationship
  between commits by thinking of commits as parent and child nodes and
  parentless nodes being unreachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we
represent it in the diagram the way we do?

  Merging two branches creates a new commit containing previous changes from the
  commits of the respective parent branches. It is represented in the diagram
  this way because it is essentially merging the commits from branches
  designated to be merged into the current selected branch.

  What are the pros and cons of Git’s
  automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

    Automatic merging simplifies and speeds up the process of merging branches
    but it some cases it can't resolve conflicts that could easily be fixed
    manually. Manual merging gives you complete control at the moment of merge
    so that you can be sure there are no conflicts but it may take longer to do
    so.
